a massacre on Christmas
Eve Israeli air strikes hit a
residential Block in the magazi refugee
camp in central
Gaza many women and children have been
killed in the attack including a two-e
old
[Music]
baby the dead and injured are
frantically rushed to hospitals that
have been rendered nonfunctional barely
able to provide the basics in first
aid the nearest hospital to the camp is
at El oxa Hospital in D alala nearly 5
km away it is already overwhelmed
following attacks in other
places there's a lot of wounded patients
that are still sleeping on the floor
because we don't have any places there's
no capacity you can't even walk in the
corridors because the number of wounded
that exceeds the number of beds the
number of patients we have is five times
capacity that we have in the
hospital
there's no rest No Rest bite for
Palestinians as many band together
throughout the night to save the berry
trapped under the
rubble we were sitting down and out of
nowhere we didn't know what happened all
of the sudden there was an explosion we
didn't know if it was our house or our
neighbors we went down and found dead
bodies
everywhere we got five dead bodies out
of my neighbor's house we are trying to
rescue those TR
these days there is no electricity or
water so everyone at this time of night
is just sitting in their houses with
their loved ones but look around nothing
is left the whole neighborhood is
gone the densely populated residential
area was also targeted last month where
at least 50 Palestinians were killed in
an Israeli
attack the mounting death tool in Gaza
has reached unprecedented levels with
diplomatic channels working overtime in
the hopes of achieving an immediate
ceasefire for many in the world
Christmas will be marked with family
laughter moments to last a
lifetime but for Palestinians within
Gaza the reality on the ground is very
much different it will be marked with
white sheets row by row and the cries of
those not being able to hold love ones
into the new year Imran Alan
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer